What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

You can start tracking changes after creating a file by starting saving meta data. If you don't do it, it will be just a folder with no ability to track changes.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area is like a buffering zone which allows you to put the files that are according to your logic should go together. It also prevents making mistakes and saving wrong files.
So staging area is like a baking form and repository is an oven. Commits are cookies then))

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can compare a file in the staging area with the working directory and repository to make sure that the next commmiting is neccessary.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Having multiple branches allows you to go different ways. If, for instance, you want to introduce a new feature into your code, you can do it in a separate branch. So in case the new idea doesn't pan out your main branch will be intact and its history won't contain any unnecessary information.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure? 

Drawing diagrams helps you not to get lost in the woods. Committing changes while being in a specific branch may help you to see whether the change will be seen from other branches. It is also important if you create a branch of branch (of a branch)) as subsequent merging might be a pain in a neck if you aren't sure about the structure of a repository. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

We get one branch with the changes introduced in both of them. So we have access to the history of changes. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

+ Automatic merging saves time
+ No need to go through every line of code
+ Less error-prone

- Some changes might be redundant or even may introduce bugs
- Code logic might be harmed


